He was sleeping.
He was saying,
I'm going to check your belly.
It was so big.
This area is called the lower part of the body.
Lower?
It was so funny.
He was holding his belly like this.
His belly was rolling.
He was like a political party.
You should institution information clearly and lumberly.
You should institution information correctly,
lumberly,
going down,
Himself is a politics man.
2010,
isn't that going around?
They round over?
What did you say?
Instead,
stand on his knees and give him his medicine.
Stand on his knees,
I'll show you. Here's a medicine.
I'm giving it to the doctor.
Here, here.
This is for your good health.
No, no, no.
What if I show you?
Oh, it's so bright.
Here, take this.
This is for your good health.
Oh, no.
Which one?
Where was the blanket you were wearing yesterday?
Oh, that's it.
It's hard to see.
I'll show you.
I'm not a bad person.
Here, here.
I drank water from the door.
I'm sorry to have made you come here.
I'll keep it for you.
Here, this is for your cat's whiskers.
It's so good.
You're the one who's doing it.
Here, take this for your cat's whiskers.
It's for your cat's whiskers.
You've changed a lot.
What a good cat.
Here, take this.
I'll give you a little bit.
What are you doing?
That's a balloon.
It's a balloon.
It's so big.
No, no, no.
Here.
Oh, yes.
What are you doing?
I told you it's a balloon.
I'll give you one or two.
What?
You're not a good cat.
I'll give you one.
This is for your cat's whiskers.
If you have a medicine, bring it here.
This is a good cat.
He's doing something good.
Here, take this.
What's your name?
My name is Gensuke.
Gensuke?
Gensan?
Yes, Gensan.
I've been with him for three months.
You've changed a lot.
Here, take this medicine.
Here, take this.
This is a medicine for your cat's whiskers.
Oh, I thought it was a medicine for your cat's whiskers.
I'm not sure what medicine it is,
but I think it's a medicine for your cat's whiskers.
The medicine is good for your cat's whiskers.
What is it?
I think it's good for your cat's whiskers.
It's a good medicine.
What is it?
Here, take this.
Anyway, I'll tell you.
What should I tell you?
I want you to boil the water of strawberry in the second pot.
What?
The water of strawberry...
What's wrong?
I want you to boil the water of strawberry in the second pot.
The water of strawberry...
The water of strawberry in the second pot?
Why don't you add some water?
I'll add wasabi or mustard.
Wasabi or mustard is good for your cat's whiskers.
I won't listen to you.